1. As we did not have class on 09/08/2021, I only have a few new app ideas that I have come up with on my own 
since the previous assignment. First is an app that makes it easy to merge handwritten notes with pictures on 
the user's device. Often, I take pictures of things that are shown in lectures when there isn't enough time to 
write them down or when I would miss something important the professor is explaining. Then when an exam or quiz 
is nearing, I go through my notes and photos to try and find the context of each image. This can be difficult 
when I have twenty to thirty images for each class scrambled together and no easy way of knowing where in my 
notes each photo is referencing. To make this process easier, an app could automatically organize the photos 
and provide users an easy way to immediately link the photos to their notes by numbering and timestamping them.

My other app idea tells its users what they should wear and bring with them based on the weather. During the 
spring and fall, I often switch between wearing pants and shorts based on how cold it is outside. Every morning 
when getting ready I check my phone to look at the weather, but an app could be created to push a notification 
to the user's phone telling them what they should wear. I'm sure there are weather apps that have built-in 
functionality to push the daily forecast as a notification, but this app could also include what they should 
wear based on the user's preferences. The user would be able to indicate when they would normally wear pants, 
shorts, short sleeves, long sleeves, sweater, jacket, winter jacket, etc. and the app would use that and the 
forecast to tell the user what they probably want to wear for the day. Additionally, in the case of rain, the 
app could indicate the user to bring an umbrella, raincoat, and/or rain boots depending on the type of storm.


2. Developers can allow advertisements without their customer base feeling alienated by allowing a reasonable 
number of ads. Users, for the most part, don't want to spend their time viewing advertisements, but when done 
sparingly, a compromise can be made if the app is otherwise free to use. Apps like YouTube play advertisements 
on nearly every video on their platform but most of the time they can be skipped after a few seconds. 
Alternatively, users can pay a monthly subscription to remove ads entirely and to gain some additional features 
like listening to videos with their screen off. Both methods of using ads sparingly and paying for additional 
but not necessary features allow customers to use the app for free while rewarding the developers with 
compensation. 


3. One example of an app with a good UI/UX is the YouTube mobile app. It is intuitive to use to the point where 
the user doesn't need to know how to read to comfortably make use of the app. Without knowing the app's 
purpose, users can launch the app and quickly become familiar with the process of finding and watching videos 
that look interesting. Additionally, YouTube has a consistent layout and no matter the content, the user can 
expect the layout and process of watching videos to be the same. Both qualities make the YouTube mobile app to 
be a great example of a good UI/UX that continues to be impressive through many generations.

Another example of an app with a good UI/UX is Venmo. Once a user has linked a payment method it is extremely 
easy to send or receive money to anyone else who has the app. Navigating the app is simple and when it is opened 
the user is prompted with a pay or request payment option immediately. It doesnâ€™t hide any of the information in 
cluttered menus and makes transferring money as easy as few taps even to a stranger.


4. The last three questions have gotten me closer to deciding on the mobile app I would like to pursue in this 
course. The app that I am heavily considering is one to browse and watch clips on Twitch. The clips are five to 
sixty seconds long and are already available to watch on the Twitch website but are often cumbersome to find 
and watch on a mobile device. I want to take inspiration from YouTube and its UI/UX as the design will likely be 
similar because they are apps focused on finding and watching videos but on different platforms.

